README.md, before:

# Express Server 
I wanted to create a contact message log. 


## Technologies Used 
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- Node.js
- Express
- Postman

## Reflections
What could you have done differently during the planning stages of your project to make the execution easier?
- I should have planned out the different databases better. I was confused with how we were supposed to set it up. I thought we needed 3 properties for
each database but we needed 3 categories. Although we didn't need to handle routes for each page I still got lost trying to implement each page. 
- I was also able to get my routes to post using postman but for some reason couldn't connect my server to my frontend to post the data. 

Were there any requirements that were difficult to implement? What do you think would make them easier to implement in future projects?
- The view/view engine was difficult. Also setting up the routes for each category and making sure each one would manipulate data from each path THEN show on the frontend. 

What would you add to or change about your application if given more time?
- I would make it more aesthetically pleasing but I would also make sure all functions were working. I should have added more error handling but that also confuses me.

Commit message:

postman no longer reading routes, updated README

README.md, after:

# Express Server 
I wanted to create a contact message log. 


## Technologies Used 
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- Node.js
- Express
- Postman

## Reflections
What could you have done differently during the planning stages of your project to make the execution easier?
- I should have planned out the different databases better. I was confused with how we were supposed to set it up. I thought we needed 3 properties for
each database but we needed 3 categories. Although we didn't need to handle routes for each page I still got lost trying to implement each page. 
- I was also able to get my routes to post using postman but for some reason couldn't connect my server to my frontend to post the data. At some point my data was able to test and connect successfully on postman but by the time I added my views, there is no longer data connecting to my routes correctly. 

Were there any requirements that were difficult to implement? What do you think would make them easier to implement in future projects?
- The view/view engine was difficult. Also setting up the routes for each category and making sure each one would manipulate data from each path THEN show on the frontend. 

What would you add to or change about your application if given more time?
- I would make it more aesthetically pleasing but I would also make sure all functions were working. I should have added more error handling but that also confuses me.
